h1. swimdb

Just messing around with rails 3, mongomapper, devise and BDD(rspec, cucumber)

h2. Newest changes

* compass; sass
* created a working capistrano script, but yeah I wont upload it here
* merge with jquery and omniauth

h2. Features until now

* creating and editing a schedule with nested items in one form
* calculate the complete distance of the schedule
* tag a schedule
* search/filter by tag
* comments, now also via js
* authentication(devise)
* twitter-facebook login/Signup
* Admin Area
* jquery

h2. Known Issues

* looks awfull because I dont have an stylesheet
* not really an issue but I not really know how that mapreduce snippet works ;)
* when a failure while the comment creation happens it does just nothing(with JS)


h3. to think about

* changed Items to an embedded document, not sure about that change. Had to move all
the parsing logic into schedule because i cannot use the before_save callback.
On the good side it completely made my controller changes obsolete, now it
is back to standart inherited_resources


h2. TODO

* search in general
* compass - sass
* allow items to have just text so users can just add infos to thier last items, ignore level on these items and ignore them while full schedule distance calculation; it should be allowed to enter something like "50m delfin, 50m Kraul" as item description. not shure if I can do that with a regex or if i need a additional flag
* js Calendar in schedule form, should be not many work
* caching - memcache? bin? ... how to set it up on the server?

h2. meh

Testing with rspec and cucumber under ree-1.8.7

